adds changes for validation examples (#51)
amzn/ion-schema-rust: README.md

$ cargo test --workspace
```

> ## Examples

Author: `examples/` directory

> The repository contains an examples folder which is a CLI tool to load and validate schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository contains an `examples/` folder which is a CLI tool to load and validate schema.
```

> To load a schema from examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load a schema using the example CLI:
```
...because the schemas are not found in the `examples/` directory.

```bash
$ cargo run --package ion-schema --example schema load --directory <DIRECTORY> --schema <SCHEMA_FILE> 
```

> To validate an ion value using a schema type from examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate an ion value against a schema type using the example CLI:
```

```bash
$ cargo run --package ion-schema --example schema validate --directory <DIRECTORY> --schema <SCHEMA_FILE> --input <INPUT_FILE>
```

> For more information on how to use examples, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use the example CLI, run the following command:
```
